website/pages/rules/overview.md, before:

# Rules Overview

## JSX

- [`jsx/no-array-index-key`](jsx-no-array-index-key) - disallow using Array index as `key`
- [`jsx/no-comment-textnodes`](jsx-no-comment-textnodes) - disallow comments from being inserted as text nodes
- [`jsx/no-complicated-conditional-rendering`](jsx-no-complicated-conditional-rendering) - disallow complicated conditional rendering
- [`jsx/no-duplicate-key`](jsx-no-duplicate-key) - disallow duplicate keys in `key` prop when rendering list
- [`jsx/no-leaked-conditional-rendering`](jsx-no-leaked-conditional-rendering) - disallow problematic leaked values from being rendered
- [`jsx/no-missing-key`](jsx-no-missing-key) - require `key` prop when rendering list
- [`jsx/no-spreading-key`](jsx-no-spreading-key) - disallow spreading `key` from objects.
- [`jsx/no-useless-fragment`](jsx-no-useless-fragment) - disallow unnecessary fragments
- [`jsx/prefer-shorthand-boolean`](jsx-prefer-shorthand-boolean) - enforce `boolean` attributes notation in JSX
- [`jsx/prefer-shorthand-fragment`](jsx-prefer-shorthand-fragment) - enforce using fragment syntax instead of `Fragment` component

## React Hooks

- [`react-hooks/ensure-custom-hooks-using-other-hooks`](react-hooks-ensure-custom-hooks-using-other-hooks) - enforce custom hooks using other hooks
- [`react-hooks/ensure-use-callback-has-non-empty-deps`](react-hooks-ensure-use-callback-has-non-empty-deps) - enforce `useCallback` has non-empty dependencies array
- [`react-hooks/ensure-use-memo-has-non-empty-deps`](react-hooks-ensure-use-memo-has-non-empty-deps) - enforce `useMemo` has non-empty dependencies array

## React

- [`react/no-children-count`](react-no-children-count) - disallow `Children.count`
- [`react/no-children-for-each`](react-no-children-for-each) - disallow `Children.forEach`
- [`react/no-children-in-void-dom-elements`](react-no-children-in-void-dom-elements) - disallow passing `children` to void DOM elements
- [`react/no-children-map`](react-no-children-map) - disallow `Children.map`
- [`react/no-children-only`](react-no-children-only) - disallow `Children.only()`
- [`react/no-children-prop`](react-no-children-prop) - disallow passing of `children` as props
- [`react/no-children-to-array`](react-no-children-to-array) - disallow `Children.toArray()`
- [`react/no-class-component`](react-no-class-component) - disallow `class component`
- [`react/no-clone-element`](react-no-clone-element) - disallow `cloneElement`
- [`react/no-component-will-mount`](react-no-component-will-mount) - disallow `componentWillMount`
- [`react/no-component-will-receive-props`](react-no-component-will-receive-props) - disallow `componentWillReceiveProps`
- [`react/no-component-will-update`](react-no-component-will-update) - disallow `componentWillUpdate`
- [`react/no-constructed-context-value`](react-no-constructed-context-value) - disallow passing constructed values to context providers
- [`react/no-create-ref`](react-no-create-ref) - disallow `createRef` in function components
- [`react/no-dangerously-set-innerhtml`](react-no-dangerously-set-innerhtml) - disallow when a DOM element is using `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`
- [`react/no-dangerously-set-innerhtml-with-children`](react-no-dangerously-set-innerhtml-with-children) - disallow when a DOM element is using both `children` and `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`
- [`react/no-direct-mutation-state`](react-no-direct-mutation-state) - disallow direct mutation of `this.state`
- [`react/no-find-dom-node`](react-no-find-dom-node) - disallow `findDOMNode`
- [`react/no-missing-button-type`](react-no-missing-button-type) - enforce that `button` elements have an explicit `type` attribute
- [`react/no-missing-component-display-name`](react-no-missing-component-display-name) - enforce `displayName` for `memo` and `forwardRef` components
- [`react/no-missing-iframe-sandbox`](react-no-missing-iframe-sandbox) - enforce that `iframe` elements explicitly specify a `sandbox` attribute
- [`react/no-namespace`](react-no-namespace) - enforce that namespaces are not used in React elements
- [`react/no-redundant-should-component-update`](react-no-redundant-should-component-update) - disallow usage of `shouldComponentUpdate` in class component extends `React.PureComponent`
- [`react/no-render-return-value`](react-no-render-return-value) - disallow usage of the return value of `ReactDOM.render`
- [`react/no-script-url`](react-no-script-url) - disallow `javascript:` URLs as JSX event handler prop's value
- [`react/no-set-state-in-component-did-mount`](react-no-set-state-in-component-did-mount) - disallow usage of `this.setState` in `componentDidMount`
- [`react/no-set-state-in-component-did-update`](react-no-set-state-in-component-did-update) - disallow usage of `this.setState` in `componentDidUpdate`
- [`react/no-set-state-in-component-will-update`](react-no-set-state-in-component-will-update) - disallow usage of `this.setState` in `componentWillUpdate`
- [`react/no-string-refs`](react-no-string-refs) - disallow using deprecated string refs
- [`react/no-unsafe-component-will-mount`](react-no-unsafe-component-will-mount) - disallow usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillMount` in class components
- [`react/no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props`](react-no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props) - disallow usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps` in class components
- [`react/no-unsafe-component-will-update`](react-no-unsafe-component-will-update) - disallow usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate` in class components
- [`react/no-unsafe-iframe-sandbox`](react-no-unsafe-iframe-sandbox) - disallow unsafe `iframe` `sandbox` attribute combinations
- [`react/no-unsafe-target-blank`](react-no-unsafe-target-blank) - disallow `target="_blank"` without `rel="noreferrer noopener"`
- [`react/no-unstable-default-props`](react-no-unstable-default-props) - disallow usage of unstable value as default param in function component
- [`react/no-unstable-nested-components`](react-no-unstable-nested-components) - disallow usage of unstable nested components
- [`react/prefer-destructuring-assignment`](react-prefer-destructuring-assignment) - enforce using destructuring assignment in component props and context

## Naming Convention

- [`naming-convention/component-name`](naming-convention-component-name) - enforce component naming convention to `PascalCase` or `CONSTANT_CASE`
- [`naming-convention/filename`](naming-convention-filename) - enforce naming convention for JSX file names
- [`naming-convention/filename-extension`](naming-convention-filename-extension) - enforce naming convention for JSX file extensions

## Debug

- [`debug/class-component`](debug-class-component) - report all class components, including anonymous ones
- [`debug/function-component`](debug-function-component) - report all function components, including anonymous ones
- [`debug/react-hooks`](debug-react-hooks) - report all react hooks

Commit message:

feat: add rule `naming-convention/use-state`

website/pages/rules/overview.md, after:

# Rules Overview

## JSX

- [`jsx/no-array-index-key`](jsx-no-array-index-key) - disallow using Array index as `key`
- [`jsx/no-comment-textnodes`](jsx-no-comment-textnodes) - disallow comments from being inserted as text nodes
- [`jsx/no-complicated-conditional-rendering`](jsx-no-complicated-conditional-rendering) - disallow complicated conditional rendering
- [`jsx/no-duplicate-key`](jsx-no-duplicate-key) - disallow duplicate keys in `key` prop when rendering list
- [`jsx/no-leaked-conditional-rendering`](jsx-no-leaked-conditional-rendering) - disallow problematic leaked values from being rendered
- [`jsx/no-missing-key`](jsx-no-missing-key) - require `key` prop when rendering list
- [`jsx/no-spreading-key`](jsx-no-spreading-key) - disallow spreading `key` from objects.
- [`jsx/no-useless-fragment`](jsx-no-useless-fragment) - disallow unnecessary fragments
- [`jsx/prefer-shorthand-boolean`](jsx-prefer-shorthand-boolean) - enforce `boolean` attributes notation in JSX
- [`jsx/prefer-shorthand-fragment`](jsx-prefer-shorthand-fragment) - enforce using fragment syntax instead of `Fragment` component

## React Hooks

- [`react-hooks/ensure-custom-hooks-using-other-hooks`](react-hooks-ensure-custom-hooks-using-other-hooks) - enforce custom hooks using other hooks
- [`react-hooks/ensure-use-callback-has-non-empty-deps`](react-hooks-ensure-use-callback-has-non-empty-deps) - enforce `useCallback` has non-empty dependencies array
- [`react-hooks/ensure-use-memo-has-non-empty-deps`](react-hooks-ensure-use-memo-has-non-empty-deps) - enforce `useMemo` has non-empty dependencies array

## React

- [`react/no-children-count`](react-no-children-count) - disallow `Children.count`
- [`react/no-children-for-each`](react-no-children-for-each) - disallow `Children.forEach`
- [`react/no-children-in-void-dom-elements`](react-no-children-in-void-dom-elements) - disallow passing `children` to void DOM elements
- [`react/no-children-map`](react-no-children-map) - disallow `Children.map`
- [`react/no-children-only`](react-no-children-only) - disallow `Children.only()`
- [`react/no-children-prop`](react-no-children-prop) - disallow passing of `children` as props
- [`react/no-children-to-array`](react-no-children-to-array) - disallow `Children.toArray()`
- [`react/no-class-component`](react-no-class-component) - disallow `class component`
- [`react/no-clone-element`](react-no-clone-element) - disallow `cloneElement`
- [`react/no-component-will-mount`](react-no-component-will-mount) - disallow `componentWillMount`
- [`react/no-component-will-receive-props`](react-no-component-will-receive-props) - disallow `componentWillReceiveProps`
- [`react/no-component-will-update`](react-no-component-will-update) - disallow `componentWillUpdate`
- [`react/no-constructed-context-value`](react-no-constructed-context-value) - disallow passing constructed values to context providers
- [`react/no-create-ref`](react-no-create-ref) - disallow `createRef` in function components
- [`react/no-dangerously-set-innerhtml`](react-no-dangerously-set-innerhtml) - disallow when a DOM element is using `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`
- [`react/no-dangerously-set-innerhtml-with-children`](react-no-dangerously-set-innerhtml-with-children) - disallow when a DOM element is using both `children` and `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`
- [`react/no-direct-mutation-state`](react-no-direct-mutation-state) - disallow direct mutation of `this.state`
- [`react/no-find-dom-node`](react-no-find-dom-node) - disallow `findDOMNode`
- [`react/no-missing-button-type`](react-no-missing-button-type) - enforce that `button` elements have an explicit `type` attribute
- [`react/no-missing-component-display-name`](react-no-missing-component-display-name) - enforce `displayName` for `memo` and `forwardRef` components
- [`react/no-missing-iframe-sandbox`](react-no-missing-iframe-sandbox) - enforce that `iframe` elements explicitly specify a `sandbox` attribute
- [`react/no-namespace`](react-no-namespace) - enforce that namespaces are not used in React elements
- [`react/no-redundant-should-component-update`](react-no-redundant-should-component-update) - disallow usage of `shouldComponentUpdate` in class component extends `React.PureComponent`
- [`react/no-render-return-value`](react-no-render-return-value) - disallow usage of the return value of `ReactDOM.render`
- [`react/no-script-url`](react-no-script-url) - disallow `javascript:` URLs as JSX event handler prop's value
- [`react/no-set-state-in-component-did-mount`](react-no-set-state-in-component-did-mount) - disallow usage of `this.setState` in `componentDidMount`
- [`react/no-set-state-in-component-did-update`](react-no-set-state-in-component-did-update) - disallow usage of `this.setState` in `componentDidUpdate`
- [`react/no-set-state-in-component-will-update`](react-no-set-state-in-component-will-update) - disallow usage of `this.setState` in `componentWillUpdate`
- [`react/no-string-refs`](react-no-string-refs) - disallow using deprecated string refs
- [`react/no-unsafe-component-will-mount`](react-no-unsafe-component-will-mount) - disallow usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillMount` in class components
- [`react/no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props`](react-no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props) - disallow usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps` in class components
- [`react/no-unsafe-component-will-update`](react-no-unsafe-component-will-update) - disallow usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate` in class components
- [`react/no-unsafe-iframe-sandbox`](react-no-unsafe-iframe-sandbox) - disallow unsafe `iframe` `sandbox` attribute combinations
- [`react/no-unsafe-target-blank`](react-no-unsafe-target-blank) - disallow `target="_blank"` without `rel="noreferrer noopener"`
- [`react/no-unstable-default-props`](react-no-unstable-default-props) - disallow usage of unstable value as default param in function component
- [`react/no-unstable-nested-components`](react-no-unstable-nested-components) - disallow usage of unstable nested components
- [`react/prefer-destructuring-assignment`](react-prefer-destructuring-assignment) - enforce using destructuring assignment in component props and context

## Naming Convention

- [`naming-convention/component-name`](naming-convention-component-name) - enforce component naming convention to `PascalCase` or `CONSTANT_CASE`
- [`naming-convention/filename`](naming-convention-filename) - enforce naming convention for JSX file names
- [`naming-convention/filename-extension`](naming-convention-filename-extension) - enforce naming convention for JSX file extensions
- [`naming-convention/use-state`](naming-convention-use-state) - enforce destructuring and symmetric naming of `useState` hook value and setter variables

## Debug

- [`debug/class-component`](debug-class-component) - report all class components, including anonymous ones
- [`debug/function-component`](debug-function-component) - report all function components, including anonymous ones
- [`debug/react-hooks`](debug-react-hooks) - report all react hooks
