src/rules/jsx-boolean-value.md, before:

# jsx-boolean-value

Enforce boolean attributes notation in JSX.

## Rule Details

This rule checks all boolean attributes in JSX elements and verifies that they are not set to `true` or `false`.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden={true} disabled={false} />
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden disabled />
```

## Rule Options

### Type Signature

```ts
type Options = [("never" | "always")?, { always?: string[]; never?: string[] }?];
```

### Default Option

```json
"react-ts/jsx-boolean-value": ["error", "never"]
```

### `never`

Boolean attributes must not have a value specified.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule with the `"never"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden={true} disabled={false} />
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `"never"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden disabled />
```

### `always`

Boolean attributes must have a value specified.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule with the `"always"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden disabled />
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `"always"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden={true} disabled={false} />
```

## When Not To Use It

If you don't want to enforce a consistent style for boolean attributes in JSX, you can disable this rule.

Commit message:

refactor: optimize options schemas & docs: update rule options docs

src/rules/jsx-boolean-value.md, after:

# jsx-boolean-value

## Rule Details

This rule checks all boolean attributes in JSX elements and verifies that they are not set to `true` or `false`.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden={true} disabled={false} />
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden disabled />
```

## Rule Options

- rule - `"never"` or `"always"` (default: `"never"`)
- excepts - an array of strings (default: `[]`)

### Type Signature

```ts
type Options = { rule?: "never" | "always"; excepts?: string[] };
```

### Default Option

```json
"react-ts/jsx-boolean-value": ["error", "never"]
```

### `never`

Boolean attributes must not have a value specified.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule with the `"never"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden={true} disabled={false} />
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `"never"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden disabled />
```

### `always`

Boolean attributes must have a value specified.

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule with the `"always"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden disabled />
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `"always"` option:

```tsx
<ExampleComponent hidden={true} disabled={false} />
```

## When Not To Use It

If you don't want to enforce a consistent style for boolean attributes in JSX, you can disable this rule.
