packages/shared/docs/functions/defineSettings.md, before:

[**@eslint-react/shared**](../README.md)

***

[@eslint-react/shared](../README.md) / defineSettings

# Function: defineSettings()

> **defineSettings**(`settings`): `object`

A helper function to define settings for "react-x" with type checking in JavaScript files.

## Parameters

### settings

The settings.

#### additionalComponents?

`object`[] = `...`

An array of user-defined components

**Description**

This is used to inform the ESLint React plugins how to treat these components during checks.

**Example**

```ts
`[{ name: "Link", as: "a", attributes: [{ name: "to", as: "href" }, { name: "rel", defaultValue: "noopener noreferrer" }] }]`
```

#### additionalHooks?

\{ `use`: `string`[]; `useActionState`: `string`[]; `useCallback`: `string`[]; `useContext`: `string`[]; `useDebugValue`: `string`[]; `useDeferredValue`: `string`[]; `useEffect`: `string`[]; `useFormStatus`: `string`[]; `useId`: `string`[]; `useImperativeHandle`: `string`[]; `useInsertionEffect`: `string`[]; `useLayoutEffect`: `string`[]; `useMemo`: `string`[]; `useOptimistic`: `string`[]; `useReducer`: `string`[]; `useRef`: `string`[]; `useState`: `string`[]; `useSyncExternalStore`: `string`[]; `useTransition`: `string`[]; \} = `...`

A object to define additional hooks that are equivalent to the built-in React Hooks.

**Description**

ESLint React will recognize these aliases as equivalent to the built-in hooks in all its rules.

**Example**

```ts
`{ useEffect: ["useIsomorphicLayoutEffect"] }`
```

#### additionalHooks.use?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useActionState?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useCallback?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useContext?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useDebugValue?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useDeferredValue?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useEffect?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useFormStatus?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useId?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useImperativeHandle?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useInsertionEffect?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useLayoutEffect?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useMemo?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useOptimistic?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useReducer?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useRef?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useState?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useSyncExternalStore?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useTransition?

`string`[] = `...`

#### importSource?

`string` = `...`

The source where React is imported from.

**Description**

This allows to specify a custom import location for React when not using the official distribution.

**Default**

`"react"`

**Example**

```ts
`"@pika/react"`
```

#### jsxPragma?

`string` = `...`

The identifier that’s used for JSX Element creation.

**Default**

`"createElement"`

**Deprecated**

#### jsxPragmaFrag?

`string` = `...`

The identifier that’s used for JSX fragment elements.

**Description**

This should not be a member expression (i.e. use "Fragment" instead of "React.Fragment").

**Default**

`"Fragment"`

**Deprecated**

#### polymorphicPropName?

`string` = `...`

The name of the prop that is used for polymorphic components.

**Description**

This is used to determine the type of the component.

**Example**

```ts
`"as"`
```

#### version?

`string` = `...`

React version to use, "detect" means auto detect React version from the project’s dependencies.
If `importSource` is specified, an equivalent version of React should be provided here.

**Example**

```ts
`"18.3.1"`
```

**Default**

`"detect"`

## Returns

`object`

The settings.

### additionalComponents?

> `optional` **additionalComponents**: `object`[]

An array of user-defined components

#### Description

This is used to inform the ESLint React plugins how to treat these components during checks.

#### Example

```ts
`[{ name: "Link", as: "a", attributes: [{ name: "to", as: "href" }, { name: "rel", defaultValue: "noopener noreferrer" }] }]`
```

### additionalHooks?

> `optional` **additionalHooks**: `object`

A object to define additional hooks that are equivalent to the built-in React Hooks.

#### Description

ESLint React will recognize these aliases as equivalent to the built-in hooks in all its rules.

#### Example

```ts
`{ useEffect: ["useIsomorphicLayoutEffect"] }`
```

#### additionalHooks.use?

> `optional` **use**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useActionState?

> `optional` **useActionState**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useCallback?

> `optional` **useCallback**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useContext?

> `optional` **useContext**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useDebugValue?

> `optional` **useDebugValue**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useDeferredValue?

> `optional` **useDeferredValue**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useEffect?

> `optional` **useEffect**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useFormStatus?

> `optional` **useFormStatus**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useId?

> `optional` **useId**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useImperativeHandle?

> `optional` **useImperativeHandle**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useInsertionEffect?

> `optional` **useInsertionEffect**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useLayoutEffect?

> `optional` **useLayoutEffect**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useMemo?

> `optional` **useMemo**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useOptimistic?

> `optional` **useOptimistic**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useReducer?

> `optional` **useReducer**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useRef?

> `optional` **useRef**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useState?

> `optional` **useState**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useSyncExternalStore?

> `optional` **useSyncExternalStore**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useTransition?

> `optional` **useTransition**: `string`[]

### importSource?

> `optional` **importSource**: `string`

The source where React is imported from.

#### Description

This allows to specify a custom import location for React when not using the official distribution.

#### Default

`"react"`

#### Example

```ts
`"@pika/react"`
```

### ~~jsxPragma?~~

> `optional` **jsxPragma**: `string`

The identifier that’s used for JSX Element creation.

#### Default

`"createElement"`

#### Deprecated

### ~~jsxPragmaFrag?~~

> `optional` **jsxPragmaFrag**: `string`

The identifier that’s used for JSX fragment elements.

#### Description

This should not be a member expression (i.e. use "Fragment" instead of "React.Fragment").

#### Default

`"Fragment"`

#### Deprecated

### polymorphicPropName?

> `optional` **polymorphicPropName**: `string`

The name of the prop that is used for polymorphic components.

#### Description

This is used to determine the type of the component.

#### Example

```ts
`"as"`
```

### version?

> `optional` **version**: `string`

React version to use, "detect" means auto detect React version from the project’s dependencies.
If `importSource` is specified, an equivalent version of React should be provided here.

#### Example

```ts
`"18.3.1"`
```

#### Default

`"detect"`

Commit message:

refactor(core): improve 'is-from-react' utilities

packages/shared/docs/functions/defineSettings.md, after:

[**@eslint-react/shared**](../README.md)

***

[@eslint-react/shared](../README.md) / defineSettings

# Function: defineSettings()

> **defineSettings**(`settings`): `object`

A helper function to define settings for "react-x" with type checking in JavaScript files.

## Parameters

### settings

The settings.

#### additionalComponents?

`object`[] = `...`

An array of user-defined components

**Description**

This is used to inform the ESLint React plugins how to treat these components during checks.

**Example**

```ts
`[{ name: "Link", as: "a", attributes: [{ name: "to", as: "href" }, { name: "rel", defaultValue: "noopener noreferrer" }] }]`
```

#### additionalHooks?

\{ `use`: `string`[]; `useActionState`: `string`[]; `useCallback`: `string`[]; `useContext`: `string`[]; `useDebugValue`: `string`[]; `useDeferredValue`: `string`[]; `useEffect`: `string`[]; `useFormStatus`: `string`[]; `useId`: `string`[]; `useImperativeHandle`: `string`[]; `useInsertionEffect`: `string`[]; `useLayoutEffect`: `string`[]; `useMemo`: `string`[]; `useOptimistic`: `string`[]; `useReducer`: `string`[]; `useRef`: `string`[]; `useState`: `string`[]; `useSyncExternalStore`: `string`[]; `useTransition`: `string`[]; \} = `...`

A object to define additional hooks that are equivalent to the built-in React Hooks.

**Description**

ESLint React will recognize these aliases as equivalent to the built-in hooks in all its rules.

**Example**

```ts
`{ useEffect: ["useIsomorphicLayoutEffect"] }`
```

#### additionalHooks.use?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useActionState?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useCallback?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useContext?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useDebugValue?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useDeferredValue?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useEffect?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useFormStatus?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useId?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useImperativeHandle?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useInsertionEffect?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useLayoutEffect?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useMemo?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useOptimistic?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useReducer?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useRef?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useState?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useSyncExternalStore?

`string`[] = `...`

#### additionalHooks.useTransition?

`string`[] = `...`

#### importSource?

`string` = `...`

The source where React is imported from.

**Description**

This allows to specify a custom import location for React when not using the official distribution.

**Default**

`"react"`

**Example**

```ts
`"@pika/react"`
```

#### jsxPragma?

`string` = `...`

The identifier that’s used for JSX Element creation.

**Default**

`"createElement"`

**Deprecated**

#### jsxPragmaFrag?

`string` = `...`

The identifier that’s used for JSX fragment elements.

**Description**

This should not be a member expression (i.e. use "Fragment" instead of "React.Fragment").

**Default**

`"Fragment"`

**Deprecated**

#### polymorphicPropName?

`string` = `...`

The name of the prop that is used for polymorphic components.

**Description**

This is used to determine the type of the component.

**Example**

```ts
`"as"`
```

#### strictImportCheck

`boolean` = `...`

Check both the shape and the import to determine if a API is from React.

**Description**

This can prevent false positives when using a irrelevant third-party library that has similar APIs to React.

**Default**

`false`

#### version?

`string` = `...`

React version to use, "detect" means auto detect React version from the project’s dependencies.
If `importSource` is specified, an equivalent version of React should be provided here.

**Example**

```ts
`"18.3.1"`
```

**Default**

`"detect"`

## Returns

`object`

The settings.

### additionalComponents?

> `optional` **additionalComponents**: `object`[]

An array of user-defined components

#### Description

This is used to inform the ESLint React plugins how to treat these components during checks.

#### Example

```ts
`[{ name: "Link", as: "a", attributes: [{ name: "to", as: "href" }, { name: "rel", defaultValue: "noopener noreferrer" }] }]`
```

### additionalHooks?

> `optional` **additionalHooks**: `object`

A object to define additional hooks that are equivalent to the built-in React Hooks.

#### Description

ESLint React will recognize these aliases as equivalent to the built-in hooks in all its rules.

#### Example

```ts
`{ useEffect: ["useIsomorphicLayoutEffect"] }`
```

#### additionalHooks.use?

> `optional` **use**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useActionState?

> `optional` **useActionState**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useCallback?

> `optional` **useCallback**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useContext?

> `optional` **useContext**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useDebugValue?

> `optional` **useDebugValue**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useDeferredValue?

> `optional` **useDeferredValue**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useEffect?

> `optional` **useEffect**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useFormStatus?

> `optional` **useFormStatus**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useId?

> `optional` **useId**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useImperativeHandle?

> `optional` **useImperativeHandle**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useInsertionEffect?

> `optional` **useInsertionEffect**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useLayoutEffect?

> `optional` **useLayoutEffect**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useMemo?

> `optional` **useMemo**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useOptimistic?

> `optional` **useOptimistic**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useReducer?

> `optional` **useReducer**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useRef?

> `optional` **useRef**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useState?

> `optional` **useState**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useSyncExternalStore?

> `optional` **useSyncExternalStore**: `string`[]

#### additionalHooks.useTransition?

> `optional` **useTransition**: `string`[]

### importSource?

> `optional` **importSource**: `string`

The source where React is imported from.

#### Description

This allows to specify a custom import location for React when not using the official distribution.

#### Default

`"react"`

#### Example

```ts
`"@pika/react"`
```

### ~~jsxPragma?~~

> `optional` **jsxPragma**: `string`

The identifier that’s used for JSX Element creation.

#### Default

`"createElement"`

#### Deprecated

### ~~jsxPragmaFrag?~~

> `optional` **jsxPragmaFrag**: `string`

The identifier that’s used for JSX fragment elements.

#### Description

This should not be a member expression (i.e. use "Fragment" instead of "React.Fragment").

#### Default

`"Fragment"`

#### Deprecated

### polymorphicPropName?

> `optional` **polymorphicPropName**: `string`

The name of the prop that is used for polymorphic components.

#### Description

This is used to determine the type of the component.

#### Example

```ts
`"as"`
```

### strictImportCheck

> **strictImportCheck**: `boolean`

Check both the shape and the import to determine if a API is from React.

#### Description

This can prevent false positives when using a irrelevant third-party library that has similar APIs to React.

#### Default

`false`

### version?

> `optional` **version**: `string`

React version to use, "detect" means auto detect React version from the project’s dependencies.
If `importSource` is specified, an equivalent version of React should be provided here.

#### Example

```ts
`"18.3.1"`
```

#### Default

`"detect"`
