docs/rules/naming-convention/filename.md, before:

# react-ts/naming-convention/filename

## Rule Details

Examples of **correct** case for this rule:

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example-component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

Examples of **incorrect** case for this rule:

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `Component.tsx` does not match `PascalCase`. Should rename to `Component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (1 errors, 0 warnings)
```

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example_component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `example_component.tsx` does not match `kebab-case`. Should rename to `example-component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (1 errors, 0 warnings)
```

## Rule Options

- `rule`: The naming convention to enforce. Defaults to `PascalCase`
- `excepts`: An array of regexp that should be ignored by the rule. Defaults to `[]`

Commit message:

build: setup eslint-doc-generator & feat: add config off & fix: rule names and npm, pre-commit scripts

docs/rules/naming-convention/filename.md, after:

# Enforce naming convention for jsx files (`react-ts/naming-convention/filename`)

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

## Rule Details

### ✅ Correct

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example-component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

### ❌ Incorrect

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `Component.tsx` does not match `PascalCase`. Should rename to `Component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (1 errors, 0 warnings)
```

```bash
npx eslint --rule 'react-ts/naming-convention/filename: ["error", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example_component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `example_component.tsx` does not match `kebab-case`. Should rename to `example-component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (1 errors, 0 warnings)
```

## Options

- `rule`: `string` - The rule to apply to the file name. Can be one of the following:
  - `PascalCase` - PascalCase
  - `camelCase` - camelCase
  - `kebab-case` - kebab-case
  - `snake_case` - snake_case
- `excepts`: `string[]` - List of file names that should be ignored by this rule.
