website/pages/docs/rules/dom-no-unknown-property.md, before:

# no-unknown-property

**Full Name in `eslint-plugin-react-dom`**

```plain copy
react-dom/no-unknown-property
```

**Full Name in `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`**

```plain copy
@eslint-react/dom/no-unknown-property
```

**Features**

`🔍` `🔧` `⚙️`

**Presets**

- `dom`
- `recommended`

## What it does

In JSX most DOM properties and attributes should be camelCased to be consistent with standard JavaScript style. This can be a possible source of error if you are used to writing plain HTML.
Only `data-*` and `aria-*` attributes are usings hyphens and lowercase letters in JSX.

## Examples

### Failing

```tsx
const Hello = <div class="hello">Hello World</div>;
const Alphabet = <div abc="something">Alphabet</div>;

// Invalid aria-* attribute
const IconButton = <div aria-foo="bar" />;
```

### Passing

```tsx
const Hello = <div className="hello">Hello World</div>;
const Button = <button disabled>Cannot click me</button>;
const Img = <img src={catImage} alt="A cat sleeping on a keyboard" />;

// aria-* attributes
const IconButton = <button aria-label="Close" onClick={this.close}>{closeIcon}</button>;

// data-* attributes
const Data = <div data-index={12}>Some data</div>;

// React components are ignored
const MyComponent = <App class="foo-bar" />;
const AnotherComponent = <Foo.bar for="bar" />;

// Custom web components are ignored
const MyElem = <div class="foo" is="my-elem"></div>;
const AtomPanel = <atom-panel class="foo"></atom-panel>;
```

## Rule Options

```js
...
"react/no-unknown-property": [<enabled>, { ignore: <ignore>, requireDataLowercase: <requireDataLowercase> }]
...
```

- `enabled`: for enabling the rule. 0=off, 1=warn, 2=error. Defaults to 0.
- `ignore`: optional array of property and attribute names to ignore during validation.
- `requireDataLowercase`: optional (default: `false`), require data-\* attributes to contain only lowercase characters. React will issue a warning when data-\* attributes contain uppercase characters. In order to catch such attributes, set the `requireDataLowercase` option to `true`.

If you are using a library that passes something as a prop to JSX elements, it is recommended to add those props to the ignored properties.

For example, if you use [emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) and its [`css` prop](https://emotion.sh/docs/css-prop),
add the following to your `.eslintrc` config file:

## Rule Options Examples

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/dom/no-unknown-property": ['error', { ignore: ['css'] }]
  }
];
```

Now, the following code passes:

```tsx
const StyledDiv = <div css={{ color: "pink" }}></div>;
```

## Implementation

- [Rule source](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-debug/src/rules/dom-no-unknown-property.ts)
- [Test source](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-debug/src/rules/dom-no-unknown-property.spec.ts)

Commit message:

docs: add auto-fix availability notes for various rules

website/pages/docs/rules/dom-no-unknown-property.md, after:

# no-unknown-property

**Full Name in `eslint-plugin-react-dom`**

```plain copy
react-dom/no-unknown-property
```

**Full Name in `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`**

```plain copy
@eslint-react/dom/no-unknown-property
```

**Features**

`🔍` `🔧` `⚙️`

**Presets**

- `dom`
- `recommended`

## What it does

In JSX most DOM properties and attributes should be camelCased to be consistent with standard JavaScript style. This can be a possible source of error if you are used to writing plain HTML.
Only `data-*` and `aria-*` attributes are usings hyphens and lowercase letters in JSX.

A **unsafe** auto-fix is available for this rule.

## Examples

### Failing

```tsx
const Hello = <div class="hello">Hello World</div>;
const Alphabet = <div abc="something">Alphabet</div>;

// Invalid aria-* attribute
const IconButton = <div aria-foo="bar" />;
```

### Passing

```tsx
const Hello = <div className="hello">Hello World</div>;
const Button = <button disabled>Cannot click me</button>;
const Img = <img src={catImage} alt="A cat sleeping on a keyboard" />;

// aria-* attributes
const IconButton = <button aria-label="Close" onClick={this.close}>{closeIcon}</button>;

// data-* attributes
const Data = <div data-index={12}>Some data</div>;

// React components are ignored
const MyComponent = <App class="foo-bar" />;
const AnotherComponent = <Foo.bar for="bar" />;

// Custom web components are ignored
const MyElem = <div class="foo" is="my-elem"></div>;
const AtomPanel = <atom-panel class="foo"></atom-panel>;
```

## Rule Options

```js
...
"react/no-unknown-property": [<enabled>, { ignore: <ignore>, requireDataLowercase: <requireDataLowercase> }]
...
```

- `enabled`: for enabling the rule. 0=off, 1=warn, 2=error. Defaults to 0.
- `ignore`: optional array of property and attribute names to ignore during validation.
- `requireDataLowercase`: optional (default: `false`), require data-\* attributes to contain only lowercase characters. React will issue a warning when data-\* attributes contain uppercase characters. In order to catch such attributes, set the `requireDataLowercase` option to `true`.

If you are using a library that passes something as a prop to JSX elements, it is recommended to add those props to the ignored properties.

For example, if you use [emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction) and its [`css` prop](https://emotion.sh/docs/css-prop),
add the following to your `.eslintrc` config file:

## Rule Options Examples

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/dom/no-unknown-property": ['error', { ignore: ['css'] }]
  }
];
```

Now, the following code passes:

```tsx
const StyledDiv = <div css={{ color: "pink" }}></div>;
```

## Implementation

- [Rule source](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-debug/src/rules/dom-no-unknown-property.ts)
- [Test source](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-debug/src/rules/dom-no-unknown-property.spec.ts)
