website/pages/docs/rules/naming-convention-filename.mdx, before:

# filename

## Rule category

Convention.

## What it does

Enforces naming convention for JSX files. Can be used to enforce PascalCase, camelCase, kebab-case, snake_case. By default, it enforces PascalCase.

## Examples

### Failing

```bash filename="Terminal" {3}
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `Component.tsx` does not match `PascalCase`. Should rename to `Component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (0 errors, 1 warnings)
```

```bash {3}
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example_component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `example_component.tsx` does not match `kebab-case`. Should rename to `example-component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (0 errors, 1 warnings)
```

### Passing

```bash filename="Terminal"
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

```bash filename="Terminal"
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example-component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

## Rule Options

- `rule`: The rule to apply to the file name. Can be one of the following:
  1. `PascalCase`: PascalCase
  2. `camelCase`: camelCase
  3. `kebab-case`: kebab-case
  4. `snake_case`: snake_case

## Rule Options Examples

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", "PascalCase"]
  }
];
```

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]
  }
];
```

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["src/**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", "PascalCase"],
    },
  },
  {
    files: ["src/**/use*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", "kebab-case"],
    },
  },
  {
    files: ["fixtures/**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": "off",
    },
  },
];
```

Commit message:

feat: add the options 'allowAllCaps', 'allowNamespace', 'allowLeadingUnderscore' to rule 'naming-convention/component-name' and set their default values to 'false', closes #734

website/pages/docs/rules/naming-convention-filename.mdx, after:

# filename

## Rule category

Convention.

## What it does

Enforces naming convention for JSX files. Can be used to enforce PascalCase, camelCase, kebab-case, snake_case. By default, it enforces PascalCase.

## Examples

### Failing

```bash filename="Terminal" {3}
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `Component.tsx` does not match `PascalCase`. Should rename to `Component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (0 errors, 1 warnings)
```

```bash {3}
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example_component.tsx
    1:1  error  "File name `example_component.tsx` does not match `kebab-case`. Should rename to `example-component.tsx`  react/jsx-filename-naming-convention

✖ 1 problems (0 errors, 1 warnings)
```

### Passing

```bash filename="Terminal"
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "PascalCase" }]' .

src/components/Component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

```bash filename="Terminal"
npx eslint --rule '@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename: ["warn", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]' .

src/components/example-component.tsx

✨  Done in 0.61s.
```

## Rule Options

- `rule`: The rule to apply to the file name. Can be one of the following:
  1. `PascalCase`: PascalCase (default)
  2. `camelCase`: camelCase
  3. `kebab-case`: kebab-case
  4. `snake_case`: snake_case
- `excepts`: (optional) An array of component names that are allowed to not follow the rule.
- `allowAllCaps`: (optional) If `true`, allows all caps file names. Default is `false`.
- `allowNamespace`: (optional) If `true`, allows namespace in JSX elements. Default is `false`.
- `allowLeadingUnderscore`: (optional) If `true`, allows leading underscore in file names. Default is `false`.

## Rule Options Examples

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", "PascalCase"]
  }
];
```

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", { "rule": "kebab-case" }]
  }
];
```

```js filename="eslint.config.js"
// ...
export default [
  // ...
  {
    files: ["src/**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", "PascalCase"],
    },
  },
  {
    files: ["src/**/use*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": ["warn", "kebab-case"],
    },
  },
  {
    files: ["fixtures/**/*.tsx"],
    rules: {
      "@eslint-react/naming-convention/filename": "off",
    },
  },
];
```
