website/pages/docs/rules/web-api-no-leaked-event-listener.mdx, before:

# no-leaked-event-listener

## Rule category

Correctness.

## What it does

Prevent adding event listeners without removing them in the cleanup function or lifecycle method.

## Why is this bad?

Adding event listeners without removing them can lead to memory leaks and unexpected behavior.

## Examples

### Failing

{/* noLeakedEventListenerInEffect:
  "A 'addEventListener' in '{{effectMethodKind}}' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in its cleanup function.",
noLeakedEventListenerInLifecycle:
  "A 'addEventListener' in 'componentDidMount' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in 'componentWillUnmount' method.",
// TODO: After adding support for abort signal, perform additional checks on inline functions before reporting this message.
noLeakedEventListenerOfInlineFunction: "A '{{eventMethodKind}}' should not have an inline listener function.", */}

```tsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';

class Example extends Component {
  componentDidMount() {
    document.addEventListener('click', this.handleClick);
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                 - A 'addEventListener' in 'componentDidMount' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in 'componentWillUnmount' method.
  }

  handleClick() {
    console.log('clicked');
  }

  render() {
    return null;
  }
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                 - A 'addEventListener' in 'useEffect' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in its cleanup function.
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    document.addEventListener('click', () => console.log('clicked'));
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                - A 'addEventListener' should not have an inline listener function.
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: true });
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                - A 'addEventListener' in 'useEffect' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in its cleanup function.

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: false });
    };
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
function useCustomHook() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                - A 'addEventListener' in 'useEffect' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in its cleanup function.
  }, []);
}
```

### Passing

```tsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';

class Example extends Component {
  componentDidMount() {
    document.addEventListener('click', this.handleClick);
  }

  componentWillUnmount() {
    document.removeEventListener('click', this.handleClick);
  }

  handleClick() {
    console.log('clicked');
  }

  render() {
    return null;
  }
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick);
    };
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: true });

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: true });
    };
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
function useCustomHook() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick);
    };
  }, []);
}
```

## Further Reading

- [MDN: EventTarget.addEventListener()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener)
- [React: Subscribing to events](https://react.dev/learn/synchronizing-with-effects#subscribing-to-events)
- [React: Connecting to an external system](https://react.dev/reference/react/useEffect#connecting-to-an-external-system)

Commit message:

docs(plugins/react-web-api): improve 'What it does' in 'no-leaked-event-listener'

website/pages/docs/rules/web-api-no-leaked-event-listener.mdx, after:

# no-leaked-event-listener

## Rule category

Correctness.

## What it does

Prevent calling `addEventListener` without a corresponding `removeEventListener` in the same component or hook.

## Why is this bad?

Adding an event listener without removing it can lead to memory leaks and unexpected behavior. This is because the event listener will continue to exist even after the component or hook is unmounted.

## Examples

### Failing

```tsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';

class Example extends Component {
  componentDidMount() {
    document.addEventListener('click', this.handleClick);
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                 - A 'addEventListener' in 'componentDidMount' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in 'componentWillUnmount' method.
  }

  handleClick() {
    console.log('clicked');
  }

  render() {
    return null;
  }
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                 - A 'addEventListener' in 'useEffect' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in its cleanup function.
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    document.addEventListener('click', () => console.log('clicked'));
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                - A 'addEventListener' should not have an inline listener function.
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: true });
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                - A 'addEventListener' in 'useEffect' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in its cleanup function.

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: false });
    };
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
function useCustomHook() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);
    //                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^
    //                                - A 'addEventListener' in 'useEffect' should have a corresponding 'removeEventListener' in its cleanup function.
  }, []);
}
```

### Passing

```tsx
import React, { Component } from 'react';

class Example extends Component {
  componentDidMount() {
    document.addEventListener('click', this.handleClick);
  }

  componentWillUnmount() {
    document.removeEventListener('click', this.handleClick);
  }

  handleClick() {
    console.log('clicked');
  }

  render() {
    return null;
  }
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick);
    };
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';

function Example() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: true });

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick, { capture: true });
    };
  }, []);

  return null;
}
```

```tsx
function useCustomHook() {
  useEffect(() => {
    const handleClick = () => {
      console.log('clicked');
    };

    document.addEventListener('click', handleClick);

    return () => {
      document.removeEventListener('click', handleClick);
    };
  }, []);
}
```

## Further Reading

- [MDN: EventTarget.addEventListener()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener)
- [React: Subscribing to events](https://react.dev/learn/synchronizing-with-effects#subscribing-to-events)
- [React: Connecting to an external system](https://react.dev/reference/react/useEffect#connecting-to-an-external-system)
