website/pages/index.mdx, before:

import { ESLintReactCard } from "#/components/eslint-react-card/eslint-react-card";

<ESLintReactCard />

Welcome to the ESLint React documentation.

A series of composable ESLint plugins for libraries and frameworks that use React as a UI runtime.

## Features

- **Universal** rules for libraries and frameworks that use React as a UI runtime.
- **Well designed** rule behaviors and sensible defaults.
- **Maximum flexibility** through minimum rule options.

## Public packages

### All-in-one plugins

- [`@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@eslint-react/eslint-plugin) - The main ESLint plugin package including all rules and config presets in this repository.

### Mono plugins

- [`eslint-plugin-react-x`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) - Core rules (renderer-agnostic, compatible with x-platform).
- [`eslint-plugin-react-dom`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) - DOM specific rules for React DOM.
- [`eslint-plugin-react-web-api`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-web-api) - Rules for interacting with Web APIs.
- [`eslint-plugin-react-hooks-extra`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-hooks-extra) - Extra React Hooks rules.
- [`eslint-plugin-react-naming-convention`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-naming-convention) - Naming convention rules.

## FAQ

[Frequently Asked Questions ↗](/docs/faq)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

docs: update 'used-by' section

website/pages/index.mdx, after:

import { ESLintReactCard } from "#/components/eslint-react-card/eslint-react-card";

<ESLintReactCard />

Welcome to the ESLint React documentation.

A series of composable ESLint plugins for libraries and frameworks that use React as a UI runtime.

## Features

- **Universal** rules for libraries and frameworks that use React as a UI runtime.
- **Well designed** rule behaviors and sensible defaults.
- **Maximum flexibility** through minimum rule options.

## Public packages

### All-in-one plugins

- [`@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@eslint-react/eslint-plugin) - The main ESLint plugin package including all rules and config presets in this repository.

### Mono plugins

- [`eslint-plugin-react-x`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) - Core rules (renderer-agnostic, compatible with x-platform).
- [`eslint-plugin-react-dom`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) - DOM specific rules for React DOM.
- [`eslint-plugin-react-web-api`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-web-api) - Rules for interacting with Web APIs.
- [`eslint-plugin-react-hooks-extra`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-hooks-extra) - Extra React Hooks rules.
- [`eslint-plugin-react-naming-convention`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-naming-convention) - Naming convention rules.

### Used by

![used-by](https://eslint-react.xyz/used-by.svg)

_Data collected from GitHub dependents network, if there are any mismatch or outdated information, feel free to [open issue](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/issues/new?assignees=&labels=type%3A+documentation&projects=&template=docs_report.md&title=%5Bdocs%5D+) or pull request._

## FAQ

[Frequently Asked Questions ↗](/docs/faq)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.
