apps/website/content/docs/faq.mdx, before:

---
title: FAQ
---

import { Accordion, Accordions } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/accordion';

<Accordions>

<Accordion title="Why create eslint-react?">

The existing `eslint-plugin-react` is a plugin for `react-dom` but named react[¹], it only supports React DOM[²] and does not being expected to be used with x-platform.

Although you can use it with other renderers, it will always assume that you are using the React DOM, even if you are working with a codebase that uses a different renderer. This can sometimes cause confusion and problems[³].

Unfortunately, the maintainers of `eslint-plugin-react` refuse to change that[⁴].

Just as in [Beyond the DOM](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/design-principles.html#beyond-the-dom) we believe that the community will benefit from a renderer-agnostic and x-platform-supported plugin. This is also the initial motivation for creating `eslint-react`.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="What is included in eslint-react?">

Currently, it includes the following plugins:

- `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin` - The main ESLint plugin package including all rules and config presets in this repository.
- `eslint-plugin-react-x` - Core rules (renderer-agnostic, compatible with x-platform).
- `eslint-plugin-react-dom` - DOM specific rules for React DOM.
- `eslint-plugin-react-web-api` - Rules for interacting with Web APIs.
- `eslint-plugin-react-hooks-extra` - Extra React Hooks rules.
- `eslint-plugin-react-naming-convention` - Naming convention rules.

You can view our long-term plans on the [roadmap](/roadmap#plugins-with-ecological-niche-explanation).

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Is there anything to note about migrating from eslint-plugin-react to eslint-react?">

Please be aware that some rules may behave differently when transitioning to `eslint-react`. The rules in `eslint-react` are more closely aligned with the guidelines provided by [react.dev](https://react.dev). This alignment is due to `eslint-react` adopting [react.dev](https://react.dev) as its primary reference, rather than `eslint-plugin-react`.

To smoothly transition, we suggest reviewing the rules in `eslint-react` and running a comprehensive linting check on your codebase to identify and address any discrepancies introduced by the migration.

</Accordion>

</Accordions>

[¹]: https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/issues/3423#issuecomment-1930936266
[²]: https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/issues/3423#issuecomment-1314565853
[³]: https://github.com/pmndrs/gltf-react-three/issues/38#issuecomment-2057794974
[⁴]: https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/issues/3423#issuecomment-1314644323

Commit message:

docs: enhance contributing guidelines and FAQ with package details

apps/website/content/docs/faq.mdx, after:

---
title: FAQ
---

import { Accordion, Accordions } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/accordion';

<Accordions>

<Accordion title="Why create eslint-react?">

The existing `eslint-plugin-react` is a plugin for `react-dom` but named react[¹], it only supports React DOM[²] and does not being expected to be used with x-platform.

Although you can use it with other renderers, it will always assume that you are using the React DOM, even if you are working with a codebase that uses a different renderer. This can sometimes cause confusion and problems[³].

Unfortunately, the maintainers of `eslint-plugin-react` refuse to change that[⁴].

Just as in [Beyond the DOM](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/design-principles.html#beyond-the-dom) we believe that the community will benefit from a renderer-agnostic and x-platform-supported plugin. This is also the initial motivation for creating `eslint-react`.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="What is included in eslint-react?">

Currently, it includes the following:

**Internal Packages**
  - **Utility Modules**
    - `packages/utilities/eff`: JavaScript and TypeScript utilities (previously some re-exports of the `effect` library).
    - `packages/utilities/ast`: TSESTree AST utility module.
    - `packages/utilities/var`: TSESTree AST utility module for static analysis of variables.
    - `packages/utilities/jsx`: TSESTree AST utility module for static analysis of JSX.
  - **Core & Shared Modules**
    - `packages/core`: Utility module for static analysis of React core APIs and Patterns.
    - `packages/shared`: Shared constants, types and functions.

**Public Packages**
  - **ESLint Plugins**
    - [`eslint-plugin-react-x`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) - Core rules (renderer-agnostic, compatible with x-platform).
    - [`eslint-plugin-react-dom`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) - DOM specific rules for React DOM.
    - [`eslint-plugin-react-web-api`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-web-api) - Rules for interacting with Web APIs.
    - [`eslint-plugin-react-hooks-extra`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-hooks-extra) - Extra React Hooks rules.
    - [`eslint-plugin-react-naming-convention`](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-naming-convention) - Naming convention rules.
    - [`@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@eslint-react/eslint-plugin) - All rules and config presets from the above plugins.

**Website & Playground**
 - `website`: This documentation website.
 - `playground`: The playground for ESLint React (WIP).

You can view our long-term plans on the [roadmap](/roadmap#plugins-with-ecological-niche-explanation).

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Is there anything to note about migrating from eslint-plugin-react to eslint-react?">

Please be aware that some rules may behave differently when transitioning to `eslint-react`. The rules in `eslint-react` are more closely aligned with the guidelines provided by [react.dev](https://react.dev). This alignment is due to `eslint-react` adopting [react.dev](https://react.dev) as its primary reference, rather than `eslint-plugin-react`.

To smoothly transition, we suggest reviewing the rules in `eslint-react` and running a comprehensive linting check on your codebase to identify and address any discrepancies introduced by the migration.

</Accordion>

</Accordions>

[¹]: https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/issues/3423#issuecomment-1930936266
[²]: https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/issues/3423#issuecomment-1314565853
[³]: https://github.com/pmndrs/gltf-react-three/issues/38#issuecomment-2057794974
[⁴]: https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react/issues/3423#issuecomment-1314644323
