website/pages/docs/glossary.mdx, before:

import { Warning } from "#/components/Callout";

## Glossary

<Warning>
Please note that the glossary is currently under construction and some sections may be incomplete or subject to changes.
</Warning>

### ESLR

An abbreviation for ESLint React. Also used as the namespace for ESLint React's types.

### Class Component

A class component is a component defined as a [JavaScript class](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes).

### Clone Element

The `cloneElement` is a React API that lets you create a new React element using another element as a starting point.

### Component

A `component` is a piece of the UI (user interface) that has its own logic and appearance. A `component` can be as small as a button, or as large as an entire page.

### Conditional Rendering

Conditional Rendering is the process of displaying different UI based on certain conditions.

### Context

An alternative to passing props.

Context lets a parent component provide data to the entire tree below it. There are many uses for context.

### Context Consumer

The component that consumes the context value.

As for `Context.Consumer` component, It's an older way to read context, Before `useContext` existed.

### Context Provider

A component to provide that context from the component that specifies the data.

### Context Value

The data that is provided by the context provider.

### Create Ref

A Legacy React API that creates a ref object which can contain arbitrary value.

### Deps

The `deps` is an abbreviation for React Hook's dependencies array.

### Display Name

The `displayName` is a string used in debugging messages. It is used by React DevTools to determine what to display for the name of a `component` or `context`.

### Element

A plain object describing a component instance or DOM node and its desired properties.

Elements are the smallest building blocks of React apps.

### Event Handler

A function that will be triggered in response to interactions like clicking, hovering, focusing form inputs, and so on.

### Forward Ref

A React API that lets your component expose a DOM node to parent component with a [ref](https://react.dev/learn/manipulating-the-dom-with-refs).

### Fragment

A React API that lets you group elements without a wrapper node.

### Fragment Syntax

The shorthand syntax for a Fragment in JSX. It looks like `<>...</>`.

### Function Component

### Key

The `key` prop is a string or a number that uniquely identifies it among other items in that array.

### List Rendering

The process of rendering components from a collection of data.

### Memo

The `memo` is a React API lets you skip re-rendering a component when its props are unchanged.

### Props

When React sees an element representing a user-defined component, it passes JSX attributes and children to this component as a single object. We call this object "props".

### Ref

The `ref` lets you referencing values in React.

### Children

When you nest content inside a JSX tag, the parent component will receive that content in a prop called `children`.

### Legacy React APIs

APIs are exported from the `react` package, but they are not recommended for use in newly written code. See the linked individual API pages for the suggested alternatives.

### Legacy Children

The `Children` Object with a series of Legacy React APIs that lets you manipulate and transform the JSX you received as the [`children` prop](https://react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component#passing-jsx-as-children).

### Legacy Component

The `Component` base class for the React components defined as [JavaScript classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes).

## FAQ

Q: Can you define some other term that I find confusing in ESLint React?

A: Sure, send it on and I'll add it to the glossary!

Q: Wikipedia doesn't agree with your definitions.

A: Yeah, It's time to improve Wikipedia.

Q: I don't agree with your definitions.

A: Ok.

Q: Change your definitions to what I want!

A: Nope. This glossary uses [react.dev](https://react.dev), [reactjs.org](https://legacy.reactjs.org) and [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org) as the trusted sources. But You can help improve it if you find sections that don't match the sources specified.

Commit message:

refactor!: introducing the new project name

website/pages/docs/glossary.mdx, after:

import { Warning } from "#/components/Callout";

## Glossary

<Warning>
Please note that the glossary is currently under construction and some sections may be incomplete or subject to changes.
</Warning>

### ExR

An abbreviation for "ESLint x React".

Also used as the namespace for ESLint x React's types.

### ESLint x React

The name of this project. It's a combination of `ESLint`, `React` and `x` (`JSX` or multiplication sign).

### Class Component

A class component is a component defined as a [JavaScript class](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes).

### Clone Element

The `cloneElement` is a React API that lets you create a new React element using another element as a starting point.

### Component

A `component` is a piece of the UI (user interface) that has its own logic and appearance. A `component` can be as small as a button, or as large as an entire page.

### Conditional Rendering

Conditional Rendering is the process of displaying different UI based on certain conditions.

### Context

An alternative to passing props.

Context lets a parent component provide data to the entire tree below it. There are many uses for context.

### Context Consumer

The component that consumes the context value.

As for `Context.Consumer` component, It's an older way to read context, Before `useContext` existed.

### Context Provider

A component to provide that context from the component that specifies the data.

### Context Value

The data that is provided by the context provider.

### Create Ref

A Legacy React API that creates a ref object which can contain arbitrary value.

### Deps

The `deps` is an abbreviation for React Hook's dependencies array.

### Display Name

The `displayName` is a string used in debugging messages. It is used by React DevTools to determine what to display for the name of a `component` or `context`.

### Element

A plain object describing a component instance or DOM node and its desired properties.

Elements are the smallest building blocks of React apps.

### Event Handler

A function that will be triggered in response to interactions like clicking, hovering, focusing form inputs, and so on.

### Forward Ref

A React API that lets your component expose a DOM node to parent component with a [ref](https://react.dev/learn/manipulating-the-dom-with-refs).

### Fragment

A React API that lets you group elements without a wrapper node.

### Fragment Syntax

The shorthand syntax for a Fragment in JSX. It looks like `<>...</>`.

### Function Component

### Key

The `key` prop is a string or a number that uniquely identifies it among other items in that array.

### List Rendering

The process of rendering components from a collection of data.

### Memo

The `memo` is a React API lets you skip re-rendering a component when its props are unchanged.

### Props

When React sees an element representing a user-defined component, it passes JSX attributes and children to this component as a single object. We call this object "props".

### Ref

The `ref` lets you referencing values in React.

### Children

When you nest content inside a JSX tag, the parent component will receive that content in a prop called `children`.

### Legacy React APIs

APIs are exported from the `react` package, but they are not recommended for use in newly written code. See the linked individual API pages for the suggested alternatives.

### Legacy Children

The `Children` Object with a series of Legacy React APIs that lets you manipulate and transform the JSX you received as the [`children` prop](https://react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component#passing-jsx-as-children).

### Legacy Component

The `Component` base class for the React components defined as [JavaScript classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes).

## FAQ

Q: Can you define some other term that I find confusing in ESLint x React?

A: Sure, send it on and I'll add it to the glossary!

Q: Wikipedia doesn't agree with your definitions.

A: Yeah, It's time to improve Wikipedia.

Q: I don't agree with your definitions.

A: Ok.

Q: Change your definitions to what I want!

A: Nope. This glossary uses [react.dev](https://react.dev), [reactjs.org](https://legacy.reactjs.org) and [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org) as the trusted sources. But You can help improve it if you find sections that don't match the sources specified.
