website/pages/docs/presets.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

import { ConfigTab, ESLintConfigTabs } from "#/widgets/eslint-config-tabs";

## Presets

The following presets are available in `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`:

<ESLintConfigTabs>

  <ConfigTab>

    <Callout type="info">These presets are for ESLint Flat Config (`eslint.config.js`) only.</Callout>

    ### Bare Bones

    - **Core** (`core`)\
      Enable rules for `"react"`.
    - **DOM** (`dom`)\
      Enable rules for `"react-dom"`.
    - **Web API** (`web-api`)\
      Enable rules for interacting with Web APIs.

    ### General Purpose

    - **Recommended** (`recommended`)\
      Enforce rules that are recommended by ESLint React.\
      _This preset includes the `core`, `dom`, and `web-api` presets._

    ### TypeScript Specialized

    - **Recommended TypeScript** (`recommended-typescript`)\
      Same as the `recommended` preset but disables rules that can be covered by TypeScript.

    - **Recommended Type-Checked** (`recommended-type-checked`)\
      Same as the `recommended-typescript` preset but enables additional rules that require type information.

    ### Other
    - **Disable DOM** (`disable-dom`)\
      Disable rules in the `dom` preset.
    - **Disable Web API** (`disable-web-api`)\
      Disable rules in the `web-api` preset.
    - **Disable Type-Checked** (`disable-type-checked`)\
      Disable rules that require type information.
    - **Off** (`off`)\
      Disable all rules in this plugin except for debug rules.

    ### Deprecated

    | Preset               | Replaced by                 |
    | :------------------- | :-------------------------- |
    | Off DOM (`off-dom`)  | Disable DOM (`disable-dom`) |

  </ConfigTab>

  <ConfigTab>

    <Callout type="info">These presets are for ESLint Legacy Config (`.eslintrc.*`) only.</Callout>

    ### Bare Bones

    - **Core** (`core-legacy`)\
      Enable rules for `"react"`.
    - **DOM** (`dom-legacy`)\
      Enable rules for `"react-dom"`.
    - **Web API** (`web-api-legacy`)\
      Enable rules for interacting with Web APIs.

    ### General Purpose

    - **Recommended** (`recommended-legacy`)\
      Enforce rules that are recommended by ESLint React.\
      _This preset includes the `core`, `dom`, and `web-api` presets._

    ### TypeScript Specialized

    - **Recommended TypeScript** (`recommended-typescript-legacy`)\
      Same as the `recommended` preset but disables rules that can be covered by TypeScript.

    - **Recommended Type-Checked** (`recommended-type-checked-legacy`)\
      Same as the `recommended-typescript` preset but enables additional rules that require type information.

    ### Other
    - **Disable DOM** (`disable-dom-legacy`)\
      Disable rules in the `dom` preset.
    - **Disable Web API** (`disable-web-api-legacy`)\
      Disable rules in the `web-api` preset.
    - **Disable Type-Checked** (`disable-type-checked-legacy`)\
      Disable rules that require type information.
    - **Off** (`off-legacy`)\
      Disable all rules in this plugin except for debug rules.

    ### Deprecated

    | Preset                     | Replaced by                        |
    | :------------------------- | :--------------------------------- |
    | Off DOM (`off-dom-legacy`) | Disable DOM (`disable-dom-legacy`) |

  </ConfigTab>

</ESLintConfigTabs>

Commit message:

docs: clarify general purpose rules description for ESLint React presets

website/pages/docs/presets.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

import { ConfigTab, ESLintConfigTabs } from "#/widgets/eslint-config-tabs";

## Presets

The following presets are available in `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`:

<ESLintConfigTabs>

  <ConfigTab>

    <Callout type="info">These presets are for ESLint Flat Config (`eslint.config.js`) only.</Callout>

    ### Bare Bones

    - **Core** (`core`)\
      Enable rules for `"react"`.
    - **DOM** (`dom`)\
      Enable rules for `"react-dom"`.
    - **Web API** (`web-api`)\
      Enable rules for interacting with Web APIs.

    ### General Purpose

    - **Recommended** (`recommended`)\
      Enforce rules that are recommended by ESLint React for general purpose `React` + `React DOM` applications.\
      _This preset includes the `core`, `dom`, and `web-api` presets._

    ### TypeScript Specialized

    - **Recommended TypeScript** (`recommended-typescript`)\
      Same as the `recommended` preset but disables rules that can be covered by TypeScript.

    - **Recommended Type-Checked** (`recommended-type-checked`)\
      Same as the `recommended-typescript` preset but enables additional rules that require type information.

    ### Other
    - **Disable DOM** (`disable-dom`)\
      Disable rules in the `dom` preset.
    - **Disable Web API** (`disable-web-api`)\
      Disable rules in the `web-api` preset.
    - **Disable Type-Checked** (`disable-type-checked`)\
      Disable rules that require type information.
    - **Off** (`off`)\
      Disable all rules in this plugin except for debug rules.

    ### Deprecated

    | Preset               | Replaced by                 |
    | :------------------- | :-------------------------- |
    | Off DOM (`off-dom`)  | Disable DOM (`disable-dom`) |

  </ConfigTab>

  <ConfigTab>

    <Callout type="info">These presets are for ESLint Legacy Config (`.eslintrc.*`) only.</Callout>

    ### Bare Bones

    - **Core** (`core-legacy`)\
      Enable rules for `"react"`.
    - **DOM** (`dom-legacy`)\
      Enable rules for `"react-dom"`.
    - **Web API** (`web-api-legacy`)\
      Enable rules for interacting with Web APIs.

    ### General Purpose

    - **Recommended** (`recommended-legacy`)\
      Enforce rules that are recommended by ESLint React for general purpose `React` + `React DOM` applications.\
      _This preset includes the `core`, `dom`, and `web-api` presets._

    ### TypeScript Specialized

    - **Recommended TypeScript** (`recommended-typescript-legacy`)\
      Same as the `recommended` preset but disables rules that can be covered by TypeScript.

    - **Recommended Type-Checked** (`recommended-type-checked-legacy`)\
      Same as the `recommended-typescript` preset but enables additional rules that require type information.

    ### Other
    - **Disable DOM** (`disable-dom-legacy`)\
      Disable rules in the `dom` preset.
    - **Disable Web API** (`disable-web-api-legacy`)\
      Disable rules in the `web-api` preset.
    - **Disable Type-Checked** (`disable-type-checked-legacy`)\
      Disable rules that require type information.
    - **Off** (`off-legacy`)\
      Disable all rules in this plugin except for debug rules.

    ### Deprecated

    | Preset                     | Replaced by                        |
    | :------------------------- | :--------------------------------- |
    | Off DOM (`off-dom-legacy`) | Disable DOM (`disable-dom-legacy`) |

  </ConfigTab>

</ESLintConfigTabs>
