packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x/README.md, before:

# eslint-plugin-react-x

A set of composable ESLint rules for libraries and frameworks that use React as a UI runtime.

> [!NOTE]
> This plugin is already included in `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`. You don't need to install it separately if you are using `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`.

## Install

```sh
# npm
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react-x
```

## Setup

```js
// @ts-check

import js from "@eslint/js";
import reactx from "eslint-plugin-react-x";

export default [
  js.configs.recommended,
  {
    files: ["**/*.{ts,tsx}"],
    plugins: {
      "react-x": reactx,
    },
    rules: {
      // react-x recommended rules
      "react-x/ensure-forward-ref-using-ref": "warn",
      "react-x/no-access-state-in-setstate": "error",
      "react-x/no-array-index-key": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-count": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-for-each": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-map": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-only": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-to-array": "warn",
      "react-x/no-clone-element": "warn",
      "react-x/no-comment-textnodes": "warn",
      "react-x/no-component-will-mount": "error",
      "react-x/no-component-will-receive-props": "error",
      "react-x/no-component-will-update": "error",
      "react-x/no-create-ref": "error",
      "react-x/no-default-props": "error",
      "react-x/no-direct-mutation-state": "error",
      "react-x/no-duplicate-key": "error",
      "react-x/no-implicit-key": "warn",
      "react-x/no-missing-key": "error",
      "react-x/no-nested-components": "warn",
      "react-x/no-prop-types": "error",
      "react-x/no-redundant-should-component-update": "error",
      "react-x/no-set-state-in-component-did-mount": "warn",
      "react-x/no-set-state-in-component-did-update": "warn",
      "react-x/no-set-state-in-component-will-update": "warn",
      "react-x/no-string-refs": "error",
      "react-x/no-unsafe-component-will-mount": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unsafe-component-will-update": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unstable-context-value": "error",
      "react-x/no-unstable-default-props": "error",
      "react-x/no-unused-class-component-members": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unused-state": "warn",
    },
  },
];
```

## Rules

| Rule                                     | Description                                                                                          | 💼  | 💭  |     |
| :--------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| `avoid-shorthand-boolean`                | Prevents using shorthand syntax for boolean attributes.                                              | 🎨  |     |     |
| `avoid-shorthand-fragment`               | Prevents using shorthand syntax for fragments.                                                       | 🎨  |     |     |
| `ensure-forward-ref-using-ref`           | Requires that components wrapped with `forwardRef` must have a `ref` parameter.                      |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-access-state-in-setstate`            | Prevents accessing `this.state` inside `setState` calls.                                             |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-array-index-key`                     | Prevents using array `index` as `key`.                                                               | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-children-count`                      | Prevents using `Children.count`.                                                                     | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-for-each`                   | Prevents using `Children.forEach`.                                                                   | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-map`                        | Prevents using `Children.map`.                                                                       | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-only`                       | Prevents using `Children.only`.                                                                      | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-prop`                       | Prevents using `children` as a prop.                                                                 | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-to-array`                   | Prevents using `Children.toArray`.                                                                   | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-class-component`                     | Prevents using class component.                                                                      | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-clone-element`                       | Prevents using `cloneElement`.                                                                       | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-comment-textnodes`                   | Prevents comments from being inserted as text nodes.                                                 | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-complex-conditional-rendering`       | Prevents complex conditional rendering in JSX.                                                       | 🤯  |     |     |
| `no-component-will-mount`                | Prevents using `componentWillMount`.                                                                 | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-component-will-receive-props`        | Prevents using `componentWillReceiveProps`.                                                          | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-component-will-update`               | Prevents using `componentWillUpdate`.                                                                | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-create-ref`                          | Prevents using `createRef`.                                                                          | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-default-props`                       | Prevents using `defaultProps` property in favor of ES6 default parameters.                           |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-direct-mutation-state`               | Prevents direct mutation of `this.state`.                                                            |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-duplicate-key`                       | Prevents duplicate `key` on elements in the same array or a list of `children`.                      |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-implicit-key`                        | Prevents `key` from not being explicitly specified (e.g. spreading `key` from objects).              | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-leaked-conditional-rendering`        | Prevents problematic leaked values from being rendered.                                              | 🧐  | 💭  |     |
| `no-missing-component-display-name`      | Enforces that all components have a `displayName` which can be used in devtools.                     | 🐞  |     |     |
| `no-missing-key`                         | Prevents missing `key` on items in list rendering.                                                   |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-nested-components`                   | Prevents nesting component definitions inside other components.                                      |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-prop-types`                          | Prevents using `propTypes` in favor of TypeScript or another type-checking solution.                 | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-redundant-should-component-update`   | Prevents using `shouldComponentUpdate` when extending `React.PureComponent`.                         |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-set-state-in-component-did-mount`    | Prevents calling `this.setState` in `componentDidMount` outside of functions, such as callbacks.     | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-set-state-in-component-did-update`   | Prevents calling `this.setState` in `componentDidUpdate` outside of functions, such as callbacks.    | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-set-state-in-component-will-update`  | Prevents calling `this.setState` in `componentWillUpdate` outside of functions, such as callbacks.   | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-string-refs`                         | Prevents using deprecated string `refs`.                                                             | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-unsafe-component-will-mount`         | Warns the usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillMount` in class components.                                  | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props` | Warns the usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps` in class components.                           | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-unsafe-component-will-update`        | Warns the usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate` in class components.                                 | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-unstable-context-value`              | Prevents non-stable values (i.e. object literals) from being used as a value for `Context.Provider`. | 🚀  |     |     |
| `no-unstable-default-props`              | Prevents using referential-type values as default props in object destructuring.                     | 🚀  |     |     |
| `no-unused-class-component-members`      | Warns unused class component methods and properties.                                                 |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-unused-state`                        | Warns unused class component state.                                                                  |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-useless-fragment`                    | Prevents using useless `fragment` components or `<>` syntax.                                         |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `prefer-destructuring-assignment`        | Enforces using destructuring assignment over property assignment.                                    | 🎨  |     |     |
| `prefer-read-only-props`                 | Enforce read-only props in components.                                                               |  ✔️  | 💭  |     |
| `prefer-shorthand-boolean`               | Enforces using shorthand syntax for boolean attributes.                                              | 🎨  |     |     |
| `prefer-shorthand-fragment`              | Enforces using shorthand syntax for fragments.                                                       | 🎨  |     |     |

Commit message:

feat(plugins/react-x): add `jsx-uses-vars`, closes #834 (#845)

packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x/README.md, after:

# eslint-plugin-react-x

A set of composable ESLint rules for libraries and frameworks that use React as a UI runtime.

> [!NOTE]
> This plugin is already included in `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`. You don't need to install it separately if you are using `@eslint-react/eslint-plugin`.

## Install

```sh
# npm
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-react-x
```

## Setup

```js
// @ts-check

import js from "@eslint/js";
import reactx from "eslint-plugin-react-x";

export default [
  js.configs.recommended,
  {
    files: ["**/*.{ts,tsx}"],
    plugins: {
      "react-x": reactx,
    },
    rules: {
      // react-x recommended rules
      "react-x/ensure-forward-ref-using-ref": "warn",
      "react-x/jsx-uses-vars": "warn",
      "react-x/no-access-state-in-setstate": "error",
      "react-x/no-array-index-key": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-count": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-for-each": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-map": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-only": "warn",
      "react-x/no-children-to-array": "warn",
      "react-x/no-clone-element": "warn",
      "react-x/no-comment-textnodes": "warn",
      "react-x/no-component-will-mount": "error",
      "react-x/no-component-will-receive-props": "error",
      "react-x/no-component-will-update": "error",
      "react-x/no-create-ref": "error",
      "react-x/no-default-props": "error",
      "react-x/no-direct-mutation-state": "error",
      "react-x/no-duplicate-key": "error",
      "react-x/no-implicit-key": "warn",
      "react-x/no-missing-key": "error",
      "react-x/no-nested-components": "warn",
      "react-x/no-prop-types": "error",
      "react-x/no-redundant-should-component-update": "error",
      "react-x/no-set-state-in-component-did-mount": "warn",
      "react-x/no-set-state-in-component-did-update": "warn",
      "react-x/no-set-state-in-component-will-update": "warn",
      "react-x/no-string-refs": "error",
      "react-x/no-unsafe-component-will-mount": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unsafe-component-will-update": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unstable-context-value": "error",
      "react-x/no-unstable-default-props": "error",
      "react-x/no-unused-class-component-members": "warn",
      "react-x/no-unused-state": "warn",
    },
  },
];
```

## Rules

| Rule                                     | Description                                                                                          | 💼  | 💭  |     |
| :--------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| `avoid-shorthand-boolean`                | Prevents using shorthand syntax for boolean attributes.                                              | 🎨  |     |     |
| `avoid-shorthand-fragment`               | Prevents using shorthand syntax for fragments.                                                       | 🎨  |     |     |
| `ensure-forward-ref-using-ref`           | Requires that components wrapped with `forwardRef` must have a `ref` parameter.                      |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `jsx-uses-vars                           | Prevents variables used in JSX to be marked as unused.                                               |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-access-state-in-setstate`            | Prevents accessing `this.state` inside `setState` calls.                                             |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-array-index-key`                     | Prevents using array `index` as `key`.                                                               | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-children-count`                      | Prevents using `Children.count`.                                                                     | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-for-each`                   | Prevents using `Children.forEach`.                                                                   | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-map`                        | Prevents using `Children.map`.                                                                       | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-only`                       | Prevents using `Children.only`.                                                                      | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-prop`                       | Prevents using `children` as a prop.                                                                 | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-children-to-array`                   | Prevents using `Children.toArray`.                                                                   | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-class-component`                     | Prevents using class component.                                                                      | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-clone-element`                       | Prevents using `cloneElement`.                                                                       | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-comment-textnodes`                   | Prevents comments from being inserted as text nodes.                                                 | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-complex-conditional-rendering`       | Prevents complex conditional rendering in JSX.                                                       | 🤯  |     |     |
| `no-component-will-mount`                | Prevents using `componentWillMount`.                                                                 | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-component-will-receive-props`        | Prevents using `componentWillReceiveProps`.                                                          | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-component-will-update`               | Prevents using `componentWillUpdate`.                                                                | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-create-ref`                          | Prevents using `createRef`.                                                                          | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-default-props`                       | Prevents using `defaultProps` property in favor of ES6 default parameters.                           |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-direct-mutation-state`               | Prevents direct mutation of `this.state`.                                                            |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-duplicate-key`                       | Prevents duplicate `key` on elements in the same array or a list of `children`.                      |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-implicit-key`                        | Prevents `key` from not being explicitly specified (e.g. spreading `key` from objects).              | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-leaked-conditional-rendering`        | Prevents problematic leaked values from being rendered.                                              | 🧐  | 💭  |     |
| `no-missing-component-display-name`      | Enforces that all components have a `displayName` which can be used in devtools.                     | 🐞  |     |     |
| `no-missing-key`                         | Prevents missing `key` on items in list rendering.                                                   |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-nested-components`                   | Prevents nesting component definitions inside other components.                                      |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-prop-types`                          | Prevents using `propTypes` in favor of TypeScript or another type-checking solution.                 | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-redundant-should-component-update`   | Prevents using `shouldComponentUpdate` when extending `React.PureComponent`.                         |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-set-state-in-component-did-mount`    | Prevents calling `this.setState` in `componentDidMount` outside of functions, such as callbacks.     | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-set-state-in-component-did-update`   | Prevents calling `this.setState` in `componentDidUpdate` outside of functions, such as callbacks.    | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-set-state-in-component-will-update`  | Prevents calling `this.setState` in `componentWillUpdate` outside of functions, such as callbacks.   | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-string-refs`                         | Prevents using deprecated string `refs`.                                                             | ⛔  |     |     |
| `no-unsafe-component-will-mount`         | Warns the usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillMount` in class components.                                  | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-unsafe-component-will-receive-props` | Warns the usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps` in class components.                           | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-unsafe-component-will-update`        | Warns the usage of `UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate` in class components.                                 | 🧐  |     |     |
| `no-unstable-context-value`              | Prevents non-stable values (i.e. object literals) from being used as a value for `Context.Provider`. | 🚀  |     |     |
| `no-unstable-default-props`              | Prevents using referential-type values as default props in object destructuring.                     | 🚀  |     |     |
| `no-unused-class-component-members`      | Warns unused class component methods and properties.                                                 |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-unused-state`                        | Warns unused class component state.                                                                  |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `no-useless-fragment`                    | Prevents using useless `fragment` components or `<>` syntax.                                         |  ✔️  |     |     |
| `prefer-destructuring-assignment`        | Enforces using destructuring assignment over property assignment.                                    | 🎨  |     |     |
| `prefer-read-only-props`                 | Enforce read-only props in components.                                                               |  ✔️  | 💭  |     |
| `prefer-shorthand-boolean`               | Enforces using shorthand syntax for boolean attributes.                                              | 🎨  |     |     |
| `prefer-shorthand-fragment`              | Enforces using shorthand syntax for fragments.                                                       | 🎨  |     |     |
