packages/core/docs/README.md, before:

**@eslint-react/core**

***

# @eslint-react/core

## Modules

- [\<internal\>](-internal-/README.md)

## Namespaces

- [isCallFromReact](namespaces/isCallFromReact/README.md)
- [isCallFromReactMember](namespaces/isCallFromReactMember/README.md)
- [useComponentCollector](namespaces/useComponentCollector/README.md)
- [useComponentCollectorLegacy](namespaces/useComponentCollectorLegacy/README.md)
- [useHookCollector](namespaces/useHookCollector/README.md)

## Interfaces

- [ERClassComponent](interfaces/ERClassComponent.md)
- [ERFunctionComponent](interfaces/ERFunctionComponent.md)
- [ERHook](interfaces/ERHook.md)
- [ERSemanticEntry](interfaces/ERSemanticEntry.md)
- [ERSemanticNode](interfaces/ERSemanticNode.md)

## Type Aliases

- [ERComponent](type-aliases/ERComponent.md)
- [ERComponentFlag](type-aliases/ERComponentFlag.md)
- [ERComponentHint](type-aliases/ERComponentHint.md)
- [ERComponentKind](type-aliases/ERComponentKind.md)
- [EREffectKind](type-aliases/EREffectKind.md)
- [EREffectPhaseKind](type-aliases/EREffectPhaseKind.md)
- [ERHookKind](type-aliases/ERHookKind.md)
- [ERLifecyclePhaseKind](type-aliases/ERLifecyclePhaseKind.md)
- [ERPhaseKind](type-aliases/ERPhaseKind.md)
- [ERStateKind](type-aliases/ERStateKind.md)

## Variables

- [DEFAULT\_COMPONENT\_HINT](variables/DEFAULT_COMPONENT_HINT.md)
- [DISPLAY\_NAME\_ASSIGNMENT\_SELECTOR](variables/DISPLAY_NAME_ASSIGNMENT_SELECTOR.md)
- [ERComponentFlag](variables/ERComponentFlag.md)
- [ERComponentHint](variables/ERComponentHint.md)
- [ERPhaseRelevance](variables/ERPhaseRelevance.md)
- [RE\_COMPONENT\_NAME](variables/RE_COMPONENT_NAME.md)
- [RE\_HOOK\_NAME](variables/RE_HOOK_NAME.md)

## Functions

- [getComponentNameFromIdentifier](functions/getComponentNameFromIdentifier.md)
- [getFunctionComponentIdentifier](functions/getFunctionComponentIdentifier.md)
- [hasNoneOrValidComponentName](functions/hasNoneOrValidComponentName.md)
- [isCallFromReact](functions/isCallFromReact.md)
- [isCallFromReactMember](functions/isCallFromReactMember.md)
- [isChildrenCount](functions/isChildrenCount.md)
- [isChildrenCountCall](functions/isChildrenCountCall.md)
- [isChildrenForEach](functions/isChildrenForEach.md)
- [isChildrenForEachCall](functions/isChildrenForEachCall.md)
- [isChildrenMap](functions/isChildrenMap.md)
- [isChildrenMapCall](functions/isChildrenMapCall.md)
- [isChildrenOfCreateElement](functions/isChildrenOfCreateElement.md)
- [isChildrenOnly](functions/isChildrenOnly.md)
- [isChildrenOnlyCall](functions/isChildrenOnlyCall.md)
- [isChildrenToArray](functions/isChildrenToArray.md)
- [isChildrenToArrayCall](functions/isChildrenToArrayCall.md)
- [isClassComponent](functions/isClassComponent.md)
- [isCloneElement](functions/isCloneElement.md)
- [isCloneElementCall](functions/isCloneElementCall.md)
- [isComponentDidCatch](functions/isComponentDidCatch.md)
- [isComponentDidMount](functions/isComponentDidMount.md)
- [isComponentName](functions/isComponentName.md)
- [isComponentWillUnmount](functions/isComponentWillUnmount.md)
- [isCreateContext](functions/isCreateContext.md)
- [isCreateContextCall](functions/isCreateContextCall.md)
- [isCreateElement](functions/isCreateElement.md)
- [isCreateElementCall](functions/isCreateElementCall.md)
- [isCreateRef](functions/isCreateRef.md)
- [isCreateRefCall](functions/isCreateRefCall.md)
- [isDeclaredInRenderPropLoose](functions/isDeclaredInRenderPropLoose.md)
- [isDisplayNameAssignment](functions/isDisplayNameAssignment.md)
- [isForwardRef](functions/isForwardRef.md)
- [isForwardRefCall](functions/isForwardRefCall.md)
- [isFromReact](functions/isFromReact.md)
- [isFunctionOfComponentDidMount](functions/isFunctionOfComponentDidMount.md)
- [isFunctionOfComponentWillUnmount](functions/isFunctionOfComponentWillUnmount.md)
- [isFunctionOfRenderMethod](functions/isFunctionOfRenderMethod.md)
- [isFunctionOfUseEffectCleanup](functions/isFunctionOfUseEffectCleanup.md)
- [isFunctionOfUseEffectSetup](functions/isFunctionOfUseEffectSetup.md)
- [isGetDerivedStateFromError](functions/isGetDerivedStateFromError.md)
- [isGetDerivedStateFromProps](functions/isGetDerivedStateFromProps.md)
- [isInitializedFromReact](functions/isInitializedFromReact.md)
- [isInsideCreateElementProps](functions/isInsideCreateElementProps.md)
- [isInsideReactHook](functions/isInsideReactHook.md)
- [isInsideRenderMethod](functions/isInsideRenderMethod.md)
- [isInversePhase](functions/isInversePhase.md)
- [isMemo](functions/isMemo.md)
- [isMemoCall](functions/isMemoCall.md)
- [isPureComponent](functions/isPureComponent.md)
- [isReactAPICallWithName](functions/isReactAPICallWithName.md)
- [isReactAPIWithName](functions/isReactAPIWithName.md)
- [isReactHook](functions/isReactHook.md)
- [isReactHookCall](functions/isReactHookCall.md)
- [isReactHookCallWithName](functions/isReactHookCallWithName.md)
- [isReactHookCallWithNameAlias](functions/isReactHookCallWithNameAlias.md)
- [isReactHookCallWithNameLoose](functions/isReactHookCallWithNameLoose.md)
- [isReactHookName](functions/isReactHookName.md)
- [isRenderFunctionLoose](functions/isRenderFunctionLoose.md)
- [isRenderMethodLike](functions/isRenderMethodLike.md)
- [isRenderPropLoose](functions/isRenderPropLoose.md)
- [isThisSetState](functions/isThisSetState.md)
- [isUseCallbackCall](functions/isUseCallbackCall.md)
- [isUseContextCall](functions/isUseContextCall.md)
- [isUseDebugValueCall](functions/isUseDebugValueCall.md)
- [isUseDeferredValueCall](functions/isUseDeferredValueCall.md)
- [isUseEffectCall](functions/isUseEffectCall.md)
- [isUseEffectCallLoose](functions/isUseEffectCallLoose.md)
- [isUseIdCall](functions/isUseIdCall.md)
- [isUseImperativeHandleCall](functions/isUseImperativeHandleCall.md)
- [isUseInsertionEffectCall](functions/isUseInsertionEffectCall.md)
- [isUseLayoutEffectCall](functions/isUseLayoutEffectCall.md)
- [isUseMemoCall](functions/isUseMemoCall.md)
- [isUseReducerCall](functions/isUseReducerCall.md)
- [isUseRefCall](functions/isUseRefCall.md)
- [isUseStateCall](functions/isUseStateCall.md)
- [isUseSyncExternalStoreCall](functions/isUseSyncExternalStoreCall.md)
- [isUseTransitionCall](functions/isUseTransitionCall.md)
- [useComponentCollector](functions/useComponentCollector.md)
- [useComponentCollectorLegacy](functions/useComponentCollectorLegacy.md)
- [useHookCollector](functions/useHookCollector.md)

Commit message:

refactor(core): improve 'is-from-react' utilities

packages/core/docs/README.md, after:

**@eslint-react/core**

***

# @eslint-react/core

## Modules

- [\<internal\>](-internal-/README.md)

## Namespaces

- [isCallFromReact](namespaces/isCallFromReact/README.md)
- [isCallFromReactMember](namespaces/isCallFromReactMember/README.md)
- [useComponentCollector](namespaces/useComponentCollector/README.md)
- [useComponentCollectorLegacy](namespaces/useComponentCollectorLegacy/README.md)
- [useHookCollector](namespaces/useHookCollector/README.md)

## Interfaces

- [ERClassComponent](interfaces/ERClassComponent.md)
- [ERFunctionComponent](interfaces/ERFunctionComponent.md)
- [ERHook](interfaces/ERHook.md)
- [ERSemanticEntry](interfaces/ERSemanticEntry.md)
- [ERSemanticNode](interfaces/ERSemanticNode.md)

## Type Aliases

- [ERComponent](type-aliases/ERComponent.md)
- [ERComponentFlag](type-aliases/ERComponentFlag.md)
- [ERComponentHint](type-aliases/ERComponentHint.md)
- [ERComponentKind](type-aliases/ERComponentKind.md)
- [EREffectKind](type-aliases/EREffectKind.md)
- [EREffectPhaseKind](type-aliases/EREffectPhaseKind.md)
- [ERHookKind](type-aliases/ERHookKind.md)
- [ERLifecyclePhaseKind](type-aliases/ERLifecyclePhaseKind.md)
- [ERPhaseKind](type-aliases/ERPhaseKind.md)
- [ERStateKind](type-aliases/ERStateKind.md)

## Variables

- [DEFAULT\_COMPONENT\_HINT](variables/DEFAULT_COMPONENT_HINT.md)
- [DISPLAY\_NAME\_ASSIGNMENT\_SELECTOR](variables/DISPLAY_NAME_ASSIGNMENT_SELECTOR.md)
- [ERComponentFlag](variables/ERComponentFlag.md)
- [ERComponentHint](variables/ERComponentHint.md)
- [ERPhaseRelevance](variables/ERPhaseRelevance.md)
- [RE\_COMPONENT\_NAME](variables/RE_COMPONENT_NAME.md)
- [RE\_HOOK\_NAME](variables/RE_HOOK_NAME.md)

## Functions

- [getComponentNameFromIdentifier](functions/getComponentNameFromIdentifier.md)
- [getFunctionComponentIdentifier](functions/getFunctionComponentIdentifier.md)
- [hasNoneOrValidComponentName](functions/hasNoneOrValidComponentName.md)
- [isCallFromReact](functions/isCallFromReact.md)
- [isCallFromReactMember](functions/isCallFromReactMember.md)
- [isChildrenCount](functions/isChildrenCount.md)
- [isChildrenCountCall](functions/isChildrenCountCall.md)
- [isChildrenForEach](functions/isChildrenForEach.md)
- [isChildrenForEachCall](functions/isChildrenForEachCall.md)
- [isChildrenMap](functions/isChildrenMap.md)
- [isChildrenMapCall](functions/isChildrenMapCall.md)
- [isChildrenOfCreateElement](functions/isChildrenOfCreateElement.md)
- [isChildrenOnly](functions/isChildrenOnly.md)
- [isChildrenOnlyCall](functions/isChildrenOnlyCall.md)
- [isChildrenToArray](functions/isChildrenToArray.md)
- [isChildrenToArrayCall](functions/isChildrenToArrayCall.md)
- [isClassComponent](functions/isClassComponent.md)
- [isCloneElement](functions/isCloneElement.md)
- [isCloneElementCall](functions/isCloneElementCall.md)
- [isComponentDidCatch](functions/isComponentDidCatch.md)
- [isComponentDidMount](functions/isComponentDidMount.md)
- [isComponentName](functions/isComponentName.md)
- [isComponentWillUnmount](functions/isComponentWillUnmount.md)
- [isCreateContext](functions/isCreateContext.md)
- [isCreateContextCall](functions/isCreateContextCall.md)
- [isCreateElement](functions/isCreateElement.md)
- [isCreateElementCall](functions/isCreateElementCall.md)
- [isCreateRef](functions/isCreateRef.md)
- [isCreateRefCall](functions/isCreateRefCall.md)
- [isDeclaredInRenderPropLoose](functions/isDeclaredInRenderPropLoose.md)
- [isDisplayNameAssignment](functions/isDisplayNameAssignment.md)
- [isForwardRef](functions/isForwardRef.md)
- [isForwardRefCall](functions/isForwardRefCall.md)
- [isFromReact](functions/isFromReact.md)
- [isFromReactLoose](functions/isFromReactLoose.md)
- [isFromReactMember](functions/isFromReactMember.md)
- [isFromReactMemberLoose](functions/isFromReactMemberLoose.md)
- [isFromReactMemberStrict](functions/isFromReactMemberStrict.md)
- [isFromReactStrict](functions/isFromReactStrict.md)
- [isFunctionOfComponentDidMount](functions/isFunctionOfComponentDidMount.md)
- [isFunctionOfComponentWillUnmount](functions/isFunctionOfComponentWillUnmount.md)
- [isFunctionOfRenderMethod](functions/isFunctionOfRenderMethod.md)
- [isFunctionOfUseEffectCleanup](functions/isFunctionOfUseEffectCleanup.md)
- [isFunctionOfUseEffectSetup](functions/isFunctionOfUseEffectSetup.md)
- [isGetDerivedStateFromError](functions/isGetDerivedStateFromError.md)
- [isGetDerivedStateFromProps](functions/isGetDerivedStateFromProps.md)
- [isInitializedFromReact](functions/isInitializedFromReact.md)
- [isInsideCreateElementProps](functions/isInsideCreateElementProps.md)
- [isInsideReactHook](functions/isInsideReactHook.md)
- [isInsideRenderMethod](functions/isInsideRenderMethod.md)
- [isInversePhase](functions/isInversePhase.md)
- [isMemo](functions/isMemo.md)
- [isMemoCall](functions/isMemoCall.md)
- [isPureComponent](functions/isPureComponent.md)
- [isReactAPICallWithName](functions/isReactAPICallWithName.md)
- [isReactAPIWithName](functions/isReactAPIWithName.md)
- [isReactHook](functions/isReactHook.md)
- [isReactHookCall](functions/isReactHookCall.md)
- [isReactHookCallWithName](functions/isReactHookCallWithName.md)
- [isReactHookCallWithNameAlias](functions/isReactHookCallWithNameAlias.md)
- [isReactHookCallWithNameLoose](functions/isReactHookCallWithNameLoose.md)
- [isReactHookName](functions/isReactHookName.md)
- [isRenderFunctionLoose](functions/isRenderFunctionLoose.md)
- [isRenderMethodLike](functions/isRenderMethodLike.md)
- [isRenderPropLoose](functions/isRenderPropLoose.md)
- [isThisSetState](functions/isThisSetState.md)
- [isUseCallbackCall](functions/isUseCallbackCall.md)
- [isUseContextCall](functions/isUseContextCall.md)
- [isUseDebugValueCall](functions/isUseDebugValueCall.md)
- [isUseDeferredValueCall](functions/isUseDeferredValueCall.md)
- [isUseEffectCall](functions/isUseEffectCall.md)
- [isUseEffectCallLoose](functions/isUseEffectCallLoose.md)
- [isUseIdCall](functions/isUseIdCall.md)
- [isUseImperativeHandleCall](functions/isUseImperativeHandleCall.md)
- [isUseInsertionEffectCall](functions/isUseInsertionEffectCall.md)
- [isUseLayoutEffectCall](functions/isUseLayoutEffectCall.md)
- [isUseMemoCall](functions/isUseMemoCall.md)
- [isUseReducerCall](functions/isUseReducerCall.md)
- [isUseRefCall](functions/isUseRefCall.md)
- [isUseStateCall](functions/isUseStateCall.md)
- [isUseSyncExternalStoreCall](functions/isUseSyncExternalStoreCall.md)
- [isUseTransitionCall](functions/isUseTransitionCall.md)
- [useComponentCollector](functions/useComponentCollector.md)
- [useComponentCollectorLegacy](functions/useComponentCollectorLegacy.md)
- [useHookCollector](functions/useHookCollector.md)
